Marcio/Notification docs (#1612)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/fundamentals/src/content/notifications/notification-available.md

---
order: 5
title: Types of Notifications
pcx-content: concept
---

# What kinds of Notifications are available?

> Available Notifications depend on your Cloudflare plan. We offer a variety of Notifications for our products and services: Billing, Denial-of-Service protection, Magic Transit, SSL/TLS, and many more.

Reviewer: I'd avoid "and many more". Suggestion:
```suggestion
Available Notifications depend on your Cloudflare plan. We offer a variety of Notifications for our products and services, such as Billing, Denial-of-Service protection, Magic Transit, and SSL/TLS.
```

> Depending on your plan, you will also be able to configure webhooks. Webhooks allow you to connect your account with external services such as Slack, Google Chat and others. Another possibility is to use PagerDuty to receive Cloudflare Notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on your plan, you will also be able to configure webhooks. Webhooks allow you to connect your account with external services such as Slack and Google Chat. Another possibility is to use PagerDuty to receive Cloudflare Notifications.
```

## What should you do when receiving Notifications?

Each Notification carries different types of information about the status of your Cloudflare account, or the type of action you can take. 

Click below to understand what each Notification does and what to do when receiving one.

<details>
<summary>Origin Error Rate Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Enterprise customers who want to be alerted when Cloudflare is unable to access their origin server.

**Included with**

Enterprise plans.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> 1. Use the link in the Notification you received to see which error codes we are seeing from your origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the link in the Notification you received to see which error codes Cloudflare is seeing from your origin.
```
Consider using "receiving" instead of "seeing" (not sure if that's the intended meaning).

> 1. Refer to our [Troubleshooting Cloudflare 5XX errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003011431-Troubleshooting-Cloudflare-5XX-errors) to learn how to troubleshoot these errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to [Troubleshooting Cloudflare 5XX errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003011431-Troubleshooting-Cloudflare-5XX-errors) to learn how to troubleshoot these errors.
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Dedicated SSL Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Customers with dedicated certificates that want to be alerted on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Free plan.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> You only need to take action if notified that you have a certificate that failed. You can find the reasons why a certificate is not being issued in our [Troubleshooting SSL errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170566-Troubleshooting-SSL-errors#h_c1a6e78e-150d-4db6-89ab-eec7cb1ab03f).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to take action if notified that you have a certificate that failed. You can find the reasons why a certificate is not being issued in [Troubleshooting SSL errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/200170566#h_c1a6e78e-150d-4db6-89ab-eec7cb1ab03f).
```
Either remove "our", as suggested, or add a word at the end of the sentence: "our ... article." / "our ... page."
Also, Support KB links shouldn't include language or title slug.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Universal SSL Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Customers with universal certificates that want to be alerted on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Free plan.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> You only need to take action if notified that you have a certificate that failed. You can find the reasons why a certificate is not being issued in our [Troubleshooting SSL errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170566-Troubleshooting-SSL-errors#h_c1a6e78e-150d-4db6-89ab-eec7cb1ab03f).

Reviewer: The same comments as for "Dedicated SSL Alert".

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>SSL for SaaS Custom Hostnames Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Customers with custom hostname certificates that want to be alerted on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Purchase of Cloudflare for SaaS.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> You only need to take action if notified that you have a certificate that failed. You can find the reasons why a certificate is not being issued in our [Troubleshooting SSL errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/200170566-Troubleshooting-SSL-errors#h_c1a6e78e-150d-4db6-89ab-eec7cb1ab03f).

Reviewer: The same comments as for "Dedicated SSL Alert".
(Should this repeated paragraph be in a partial?)

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>HTTP DDoS Attack Alerter</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

WAF/CDN customers that want to be alerted when Cloudflare has mitigated an attack.

**Included with**

Pro and up plans.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> No action needed. Refer to [Understanding Cloudflare DDoS alerts](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/360053216191-Understanding-Cloudflare-DDoS-alerts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No action needed. Refer to [Understanding Cloudflare DDoS alerts](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/360053216191) for more information.
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Layer 4 Attack Alerter</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

BYOIP customers and Spectrum customers with Network Analytics that want to be alerted when Cloudflare has mitigated an attack.

**Included with**

Purchase of Magic Transit and/or BYOIP.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> No action needed. Refer to [Understanding Cloudflare DDoS alerts](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/360053216191-Understanding-Cloudflare-DDoS-alerts) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No action needed. Refer to [Understanding Cloudflare DDoS alerts](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/360053216191) for more information.
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Flow-based Monitoring: Volumetric Attack</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Magic Transit On Demand customers who are using Flow Based Monitoring to detect attacks when Magic Transit is disabled.

**Included with**

Purchase of Magic Transit.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> You need to advertise your IP prefixes to enable Magic Transit. More information in our [Dynamic advertisement page](https://developers.cloudflare.com/byoip/dynamic-advertisement).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to advertise your IP prefixes to enable Magic Transit. For more information, see [Dynamic advertisement](https://developers.cloudflare.com/byoip/dynamic-advertisement).
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Passive Origin Monitoring</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Any customer who wants to be alerted when Cloudflare is unable to access their origin.

**Included with**

Free plans.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> Refer to our [Troubleshooting Cloudflare 5XX errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003011431-Troubleshooting-Cloudflare-5XX-errors) page to troubleshoot 521 errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to our [Troubleshooting Cloudflare 5XX errors](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/115003011431) page to troubleshoot 521 errors.
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Expiring Access Service Token Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Access customers who want to be alerted when their service token is about to expire.

**Included with**

Purchase of Access.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

> Refresh your service token in the [Teams dashboard](https://dash.teams.cloudflare.com/) under **Configuration > Service Auth**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refresh your service token in the [Teams dashboard](https://dash.teams.cloudflare.com) under **Configuration** > **Service Auth**.
```

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Usage Based Billing</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Customers that want to be alerted when usage of a product goes above a set level.

**Included with**

> Pro and up plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pro plans or higher.
```

**What should you do if you receive one?**

Review your usage of the product and adjust the configuration and/or increase the alerting threshold.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Script Monitor New Scripts Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

> Page Shield customers who want to be alerted when new JS dependencies appear in their zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Page Shield customers who want to be alerted when new JavaScript dependencies appear in their zone.
```
"appear" sounds a bit strange...

**Included with**

> Business and up plans.

Reviewer: Business plans or higher.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

Investigate to confirm it is an expected change.

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Script Monitor New Domain Alert</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

> Page Shield customers who want to be alerted when JS dependencies from new host domains appear in their zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Page Shield customers who want to be alerted when JavaScript dependencies from new host domains appear in their zone.
```

**Included with**

> Business and up plans.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Business plans or higher.
```

<div>

**What is it for?**

Enterprise customers who have at least one secondary zone in their account and who want to get alerted if all of their primary nameservers are failing.

**Included with**

Purchase of Secondary DNS.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

1. Confirm that your primary nameservers are up and running.
1. Confirm that the ACLs on your primary nameservers are configured correctly.
1. Confirm that your primary nameservers are configured correctly in your Cloudflare account (correct IP, port, TSIG).

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Secondary DNS Primaries Failing</summary>
<div>

**What is it for?**

Enterprise customers who have at least one secondary zone and who want to get alerted if at least one of their primary nameservers is failing.

**Included with**

Purchase of Secondary DNS.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

1. Confirm that the primary nameserver that is failing is up and running.
1. Confirm that the ACL on the primary nameserver that is failing is configured correctly. 
1. Confirm that the primary nameserver that is failing is configured correctly in your Cloudflare account (correct IP, port, TSIG).

> Secondary DNS Successfully Updated | No action needed. Everything is working correctly.

Reviewer: Not sure what this line is about... seems to be a table row.

---
order: 5
title: Types of Notifications
pcx-content: concept
---

import SSLTroubleshoot from "../_partials/_troubleshoot-ssl"
import DDOS from "../_partials/_ddos"
import Errors5xx from "../_partials/_errors"

# What kinds of Notifications are available?

Available Notifications depend on your Cloudflare plan. We offer a variety of Notifications for our products and services, such as Billing, Denial-of-Service protection, Magic Transit, and SSL/TLS.
Depending on your plan, you will also be able to configure webhooks. Webhooks allow you to connect your account with external services such as Slack and Google Chat. Another possibility is to use PagerDuty to receive Cloudflare Notifications.

## What should you do when receiving Notifications?

Each Notification carries different types of information about the status of your Cloudflare account, or the type of action you can take. 

Click below to understand what each Notification does and what to do when receiving one.

<details>
<summary>Origin Error Rate Alert</summary>
<div>

> **What is it for?**

Author: Yup. The sentence changed since the first draft and doesn't make sense anymore to ask the question as is :)

1. Use the link in the Notification you received to see which error codes Cloudflare is seeing from your origin.
1. <Errors5xx/>

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Dedicated SSL Alert</summary>
<div>

**Who is it for?**

Customers with dedicated certificates who want to receive a notification on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Free plan.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

<SSLTroubleshoot/>

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>Universal SSL Alert</summary>
<div>

**Who is it for?**

Customers with universal certificates who want to receive a notification on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Free plan.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

<SSLTroubleshoot/>

</div>
</details>

<details>
<summary>SSL for SaaS Custom Hostnames Alert</summary>
<div>

**Who is it for?**

Customers with custom hostname certificates who want to receive a notification on validation, issuance, renewal, and expiration of certificates.

**Included with**

Purchase of Cloudflare for SaaS.

**What should you do if you receive one?**

<SSLTroubleshoot/>

</div>
</details>

<details>

> <summary>HTTP DDoS Attack Alerter</summary>

Reviewer: Just to confirm: this is really "Alerter" and not "Alert", right?

Author: I guess it is as it was written by the PM. But I'll double check. I want to show this to her anyway before publishing

<div>

**Who is it for?**

WAF/CDN customers who want to receive a notification when Cloudflare has mitigated an attack.

**Included with**

> Professional or higher.

Reviewer: Missing the word "plans" in this sentence.

---
order: 5
type: overview
title: Types of Notifications
pcx-content: concept
---

<ContentColumn>

> # What kinds of Notifications are available?

Reviewer 2: some of the information here overlaps with the page currently called `What to do when receiving Notifications`. should we merge the two?

Author: I think it would be too much information to have in just one page. Also, `Types of Notifications` lists which notifications are available, their purpose and which plans they're available to. `What to do...` is a clear CTA of what your next steps should be after receiving one of these notifications. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: from a user's perspective, I would feel a bit disoriented having two tables with the same list of notifications — but I get your point. how do you feel about bringing this to content critique tomorrow? it's an interesting challenge and one we may be facing elsewhere in the docs :)

Author: I've added this to content critique tomorrow :)
